we can get this, it's a Microsoft Store app,
and the idea here is you can file questions with Microsoft,
giving them feedback, just your opinion on certain features,
or ask questions and interact with some of the product teams directly.
Now that's pretty cool, isn't it?
Notice that in order to use this you're going to need to authenticate,
and you might remember a couple of modules ago in the
user setting I added a couple accounts, my Microsoft account,
and also a work and school account so I can easily integrate
those with just a click of the button, that's convenient,
isn't it?
This is going to redraw the Feedback Hub page.
We have to agree to the privacy statement.
If we open the navigation menu here, we have Home,
Feedback, Announcements, Quests, and User profile.
This is a good way to interact with the Windows 10 product team,
and also other users.
It has a bit of a learning curve to it, but it's not too bad.
If you're familiar with discussion forums and posts online,
then you know all about it.
It looks like we'll have to adjust our privacy settings.
I clicked the Feedback navigation link here, and it says we'll need to allow.
This reminds me a little bit of when we did Cortana towards
the beginning of the course we had to give Cortana certain
permissions in order to do any work,
and it looks like to take advantage of the Feedback Hub we're under Settings,
Privacy, Feedback & Diagnostics.
We have to turn on the setting, Windows will collect minimum diagnostic data,
and then Windows should ask for my feedback.
You can put that from Never all the way up to Automatic.
And just to click through here,
the privacy settings allows you to customize diagnostic
settings at the application level whether or not you want apps
to be allowed to run in the background,
whether automatic file downloads are allowed or blocked,
etc.
So that'll allow us to get deeper into the Feedback Hub.
The last stop on this little trolley ride through built-in
troubleshooting tools in Windows 10 is Event Viewer.
I'm going to open up the Run prompt and type eventvwr.
msc.
That's a fast way to open it up.
Of course,
you can go through the Start menu and just type Event Viewer just as well.
I normally turn off the right pane.
Notice that the Microsoft Management Console has controls for
turning the left and right panes on or off.
I don't like the right pane because it robs screen real estate,
and quite honestly, you can get to all those commands by right-clicking anyway.
Now there is a lot to Event Viewer.
I suggest you look for Event Viewer content in the
Pluralsight library to get a full rundown,
but the bottom line here is that you can pick a log.
There's a lot of logs.
The most common ones with Windows are Application,
Security, Setup, and System,
but depending upon what software you have installed
there will be additional logs.
I have a third-party product called Netwrix Auditor installed,
and it creates its own log to track events.
I have SQL Server and Microsoft Office, but again,
to get back just to the operating system events you can sort these
lists by clicking the column heading to see,
for instance, the most recent events.
When you look at the actions of the event down here,
there's a Datils pane, which is a summary,
and then we have, depending upon what the event is,
more details available.
Now, the number of events I have on this system is over 4, 000.
That's very difficult to parse through.
If you're looking for a particular event ID,
for instance, you'll want to do a search,
so you can filter the current log looking only,
for instance, for errors,
and instead of all Event IDs you can pass in a range or
a specific one separated by a comma.
I'll just leave the filter on Error.
And by using the error system, and then running finds,
you should be able to get much closer.
In this case it looks like I filtered over 4, 300 entries down to 375.
This is a skill that you develop in time.
It's just one of those learning curve things that you'll need to build.
Event Viewer MMC is cool,
because you can right-click the node and connect to
another computer in your environment,
the idea here being from your administrative workstation
you can reach out and touch the event log of managed
servers or other desktop devices,
as long as you have administrator privileges on those remote machines.
Remember, I want you to think in terns of remote management,
because all but the smallest environments should be
organized in either a peer-to-peer network or an honest to goodness Active Directory domain.